Getting started with react (#124)
SenseNet/docs.sensenet.com: content/tutorials/authentication/how-to-authenticate-react.md

tags: [react, getting started, authentication, client]
description: This tutorial shows you how to authenticatie your a React app to sensenet.
---

> This tutorial shows you how to authenticatie your a React app to sensenet.

Reviewer: is this correct? "your a React app" - (I would say "your React app" or "a React app)". if not, it is to correct also in the description

You should install the sensenet oidc-react lib as a dependency of your project:

```
yarn add @sensenet/authentication-oidc-react
```

> After that you have to update the *configuration.js* filewith the identity server url that is connected to your repository. For further details about the authentication and the identity server see the following documentation for the [tasks on server side](../content/guides/getting-started/how-to-authenticate-dotnet.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that you have to update the *configuration.js* file with the identity server url that is connected to your repository. For further details about the authentication and the identity server see the following documentation for the [tasks on server side](../content/guides/getting-started/how-to-authenticate-dotnet.md).
```
